Refactored java migration guide (#116)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/_edot-sdks/java/migration.md

## Advantages of using EDOT Java agent

### OpenTelemetry-native Data

Allows to capture, send, transform and store data in an OpenTelemetry native way. This includes for example the ability to use all features of the OpenTelemetry SDK for manual tracing, data following semantic conventions or ability to use intermediate collectors and processors.

### Broad Coverage of Instrumentation

> OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation provides a [broad coverage of libraries and frameworks](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation provides a [broad coverage of libraries, frameworks and applications](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/supported-libraries.md).

- [Libraries and frameworks](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/supported-libraries.md#libraries--frameworks)
- [Application servers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/supported-libraries.md#application-servers)
```

### Compatible Drop-in Replacement

> EDOT Java is a fully compatible drop-in replacement for the upstream OpenTelemetry Java Agent. Hence, there's no vendor lock-in through proprietary instrumentation or agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upstream OpenTelemetry Java Agent is a vendor-neutral implementation.
EDOT Java is a distribution of it and is thus a
 fully compatible drop-in replacement of the upstream OpenTelemetry Java Agent.

Hence, exclusive features of EDOT aside, there is no vendor lock-in through proprietary instrumentation or agent.
```
